DM-37555: Update pipeline documentation for image differencing (#294)
lsst/ip_diffim: doc/lsst.ip.diffim/tasks/lsst.ip.diffim.AlardLuptonPreconvolveSubtractTask.rst

.. lsst-task-topic:: lsst.ip.diffim.AlardLuptonSubtractTask

##################################
AlardLuptonPreconvolveSubtractTask
##################################

AlardLuptonPreconvolveSubtractTask is a modification of AlardLuptonSubtractTask behavior, and it performs image differencing between the `template` image and a custom kernel cross-correlated `science` image.

.. _lsst.ip.diffim.AlardLuptonPreconvolveSubtractTask-description:

Description
===========

> This task takes the pair of science and template exposures, together with the science image source catalog, and produces a difference and matched template exposures as outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This task takes the pair of science and template exposures, together with the science image source catalog, and produces difference and matched template exposures as outputs.
```

> The process involves selecting sources from the science exposure source catalog, obtaining the convolution kernel, applying this to the `target` image and obtaining the subtraction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process involves selecting sources from the science exposure source catalog, obtaining the convolution kernel, applying this to the `target` image, and subtracting the images.
```

As discussed in the general package overview the task has two possible modes: one convolving the `template` image and the alternative convolving the `science` image.
Both modes share the preparation sub-tasks, but the method that performs the convolution is not the same.
The parameter that controls this behavior is ``mode`` (check ``lsst.ip.diffim.AlardLuptonSubtractConfig``), and it allows ``convolveScience``, ``convolveTemplate`` and finally ``auto`` which means that the decision is made at runtime automatically.

> Finally, mask planes are correctly set for the difference image and matched template exposure outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, mask planes are set on the difference and matched template outputs based on the masks of the input science and template images.
```

> Finally, mask planes are set on the difference and matched template outputs based on the masks of the input science and template images.

Reviewer 2: This description doesn't sound right for the preconvolution task. It should state that it creates a Score image, and we don't use mode.

Author: Wow, that's a mistake! Thanks!

Author: Well, I think I somehow overwrote the changes that I made for this page. I did write a good explanation. I am afraid it is lost.
